Namaste,
                  
Hope you are doing well.

You have registered for the Vishwa Sangh Shibir 2025 in Bhagyanagar. We trust you have received the soochana patrak 3 and have gone through the details.

Please find below some additional information and instructions about the shibir. Please go through all the information diligently to appropriately plan for your trip.


ParticularsVishwa Sangh Shibir 2025DatesDecember 25 to 29, 2025VenueKanha Shanti Vanam, Bhagyanagar (Hyderabad)Reporting timeThursday, December 25, noonEnd of shibirMonday, December 29, morningShulkINR 2000

Contact Points:

Contact PersonVishwa Vibhag Sampark Santosh Pillai
+91 9324 331870
santovpillai@gmail.comTour Planning Vijay Mallampatti
+91 90000 04096
vss2025tours@gmail.comPickup Arrangements Raghuram Vemaraju
+91 98497 23353
raghuvemaraju@gmail.comAny other support in BhagyanagarSreedhar Reddy
+91 94400 09898
satwikrdd@gmail.com

For non-Bharatiya citizen who do not have an OCI card: 

If you are not a Bharatiya citizen and do not have an OCI card, please send a copy of the first page of your passport to Santosh Pillai (santovpillai@gmail.com) before November 10. This would be needed to complete formalities related to conducting an international camp in Bharat.
 
1. General:

? Shibirarthis are expected to attend the shibir full time including nivas at the venue.
? Please ensure that you carry enough cash in INR for the shibir shulk and any other purchases.
? If you are not able to attend the shibir for any reason, please convey it immediately to your country karyavah and Santosh Pillai.

2. Ganvesh:

For Swayamsevaks - Black formal trousers, VSS ganvesh kurta, any shoes (preferably black) with socks. 

VSS ganvesh kurta will have to be purchased at the shibir. Participants will have to bring the trousers and shoes while coming for the shibir.

For Sevikas - There are two options - Kurti OR Saree.

Kurti Option :  Black salwar / leggings  / pants, VSS ganvesh kurti, any shoes (preferably black) with socks.
Saree Option : ?Saree with any shoes (preferably black) and socks.

VSS ganvesh kurti OR saree will have to be purchased at the shibir. Underskirt (off white colour) can also be purchased at the venue.

Those who are opting for saree should contact Manasi ji (+91 6304 560 830, Meghanakasula131126@gmail.com ) before November 21 for the blouse stitching. 

All participants will have to bring their shoes and socks  and those opting for Kurti will have to bring their black salwar / leggings/ pants while coming for the shibir.

3. Accommodation:

? A modest dormitory accommodation (separate for swayamsevaks and sevikas) with common wash areas will be arranged during the shibir.
? Accommodation during the post-shibir tour to Srisailam and Yadadri will be arranged as per the destination.
? Pre and post shibir accommodation will be arranged in Bhagyanagar.

4. Shulk: 
The shulk will be collected in INR at the VSS venue. Foreign currency exchange facility will be made available there.
 
5. Pickup:
Arrangements for pickup will be made at Bhagyanagar airport, railway station and bus terminals.

To ensure a smooth pickup, please 
1. Update all your arrival details - date, time, arrival point and train/ flight number - in your registration before November 15. 
2. You will receive the pickup details before you commence your travel. In case you have not received it, please confirm your pickup arrangements with Raghuram Vemaraju before you start your journey to Bhagyanagar.

You must have received an email from ‘forms-receipts-noreply@google.com’ on submission of your registration. Please use the ‘Edit Response’ button in the email to update your registration.

6. Post Shibir Tour:
If you have selected ‘Kandakurthi’ as the tour option, we regret to inform you that the tour to Kandakurthi has to be cancelled as the project undertaken there is not yet complete. You can edit your registration and opt to go for the ‘Srisailam’ tour or to ‘Yadadri Mandir and local sites in Bhagyanagar’. 

7. Return Journey:
You have already selected a tour option while registering. Accordingly, it is advisable to book the return tickets from Bhagyanagar as follows:

If not opting for post shibir tourMode of travelAdvisable return ticketDomestic flightAfter 1 pm on December 29International flightAfter 2 pm on December 29TrainAfter 12:30 pm on December 29

If opting for post shibir tourMode of travelAdvisable return ticketDomestic flightAfter 11 pm on December 30International flightAnytime on December 31TrainAfter 10:30 pm on December 30

8. Travel: 
Rail reservations in Bharat start 60 days in advance. It is advisable to finalize the plans and make bookings for the return journey before coming for VSS.
Please note that the check-in baggage limit for domestic flights in Bharat is 15 kgs.

If any train ticket booking needs to be done by the shibir vyavastha, please convey the travel details to Santosh Pillai (santovpillai@gmail.com). Please mention name as on passport, gender and age for such bookings.

9. Weather:
The temperature in Bhagyanagar is expected to be around 15-29 °C (59-84 °F).

10. Things to Carry :
a) Personal Clothing : Please bring a trainer for shareerik, Bharatiya Vesh for udghatan and other programs, hangers
b) Essential Toiletries
c) Personal medicines if any
d) Mattress, bed sheets, blanket and pillow will be provided at the shibir. You may bring a light quilt / shawl along with you in case the temperature falls.
e) Ganvesh
Swayamsevaks : Formal trousers, socks and shoes.
Sevikas : Shoes and socks. Those opting for Kurti, please also bring black salwar / leggings/ pants.

11. Invitation Letter: 
If an invitation letter is required, please write to santovpillai@gmail.com  with a copy of the passport.

12. Address for Immigration:
Please note the following address to be filled at immigration as needed.
 
Delhi :
Santosh Pillai
10196, Keshav Kunj, Jhandewala,
Desh Bandhu Gupt Marg,
New Delhi 110055 
Tel : +91 9324331870
 
Hyderabad:
Vijay Mallampatti
101 Viswa Residency 
Chitra Layout, LB Nagar 
Hyderabad 500074 
Tel : +91 90000 04096

Please contact me if you have any queries regarding the shibir. I hope you have a pleasant and inspiring experience during the VSS.

With Best Regards,

Santosh Pillai
Vishwa Vibhag Karyalay Pramukh. 


